>> Steve Kinney: There's a whole bunch
of little things that we can tweak and
we'll play around with at various points.
But yeah, I would say like play around
with some of the different ones, go up
to 1.2 or 1.5 as well and get a sense of
what you want to come out of it, right?
And with all things, right?
Because again,
this is simply a statistical model
that goes based on the previous words.
All previous words right in the prompt,
go ahead and generate the next few clearly
like the words that you feed, it also play
a role beyond the knobs that you can turn.
And so if you start speaking in
a formal style, you are likely,
because if it's trained on,
read a bunch of academic papers and
a sentence starts out in that kind of
academic speak, statistically speaking,
the next most likely word will be that so
on and so forth.
So why don't you take a few minutes and
go,
I think play with a bunch of those
numbers or any of these parameters and
let me know in, I don't know, five minutes
if there's anything that was particularly
interesting or fun or
anything along those lines.
So the other one that I said was pretty
cool, came to that when we talked about
sentiment analysis is this idea
of zero shot classification.
Zero shot means if you think about when
you have a conversation with ChatGPT,
that first prompt, if you got what
you want, is effectively zero shot.
You said one thing, you got result
beyond that, then you're doing
a lot of other techniques but
sending one thing and getting the results.
What's cool about this is,
like I said before, you send one thing,
it does not necessarily even
need to particularly be trained.
You say, hey, I've got this string of
text, hey, I've got these categories.
Why don't you figure out
what label it should have?
There's no fine tuning at this point.
There's no special tweaking of the model.
It's just using some of the stuff
that I haven't explained to you yet
because I felt like lecturing to you for
three hours about philosophical
conceptual concepts before
showing you any code was rude.
I'm just trying to get you excited.
We'll see how it works.
You can kinda give it both and it will
figure out those things effectively.
Saying this text is about a given
category and then it will see how well
the hypothesis fits and
it will give you a score in this case.
So here we'll scroll
back up to the second.
Let's actually just look at it.
So here we've got yet another pipeline
Again, the tasting note is for
all of these especially particularly
simple small kind of model things.
I mean, text generation, one would argue,
is the big thing that we all use every
day in the rest of these models.
So they can be small, tiny models.
They can also the big things are just
the little things at scale, right?
If you took one of these small models and
fed it all of the world's Internet and
gave it like a giant server farm,
you too could turn these small
models into that as well.
But considering we are running on
commodity hardware at this point, not bad.
So yeah, we just pull in a pipeline for
this zero shot classification.
The default model in this
case is from Facebook and
I just arbitrarily came up with
a bunch of candidate labels.
Again, it is not trained on these.
You could theoretically
take data from your logs,
data from something else that you have,
grab one of those data sets, like I said
on hugging face that look interesting and
theoretically begin to classify it.
There's all sorts of data sets.
You can go look around, it's fun.
But here I was not feeling
particularly creative that day,
so I think I was angry about
the Lakers at that moment, who knows?
And you know, you can come up
with a bunch of categories and
not being trained on either
the categories or the strings.
Again, it comes up with a hypothesis.
It then uses the attention stuff,
which I have not talked about yet again,
building up anticipation to figure
out how well those things fit in and
then kind of figures out what label is
most likely for each of these, right?
And again, part of the game
here was choosing strings and
categories that were at
least obvious to you.
So like, cool, he put in random
stuff from his logs or whatever or
some data set I've never seen and
some labels that I don't know about.
Yep, definitely.
But like, ideally you should be
able to squint at each of these and
probably figure out what one
they apply to specifically,
because I'm clearly not that creative.
And I'm pretty sure the strings are in
the same order as the candidate labels.
If you don't believe me that this works,
you can shuffle them as well and
get a sense of that one too.
So here we again will just
iterate over the text and
we'll just pass them into that
classifier pipeline that we created.
What we want to do is then see for
any given one what.
What label should it have, right?
And again, where things might
become the very practical thing and
I worked at an email company for
a little bit and
both in terms of accounts and also emails.
Is this spam or not?
Is this account, you know,
like, you know, information,
like in terms of like payment information,
probably fraudulent or not.
So there's a lot of like this one's got
a lot of practical use cases, right?
And you can see that I'm not gonna
make you do this math, right?
But if you're willing to believe me,
guess what?
All of those decimals add up
to the number one, right?
And so it will theoretically kinda
show you the different weighting of
what it believes that it is.
And again, the reason I chose,
kind of silly.
Silly, but whatever.
Strings, which is like Apple
reported record quarterly
earnings driven by strong iPhone sales.
It's like that seems to be.
We're two-thirds pretty
sure it's about technology.
One third sure it's about business.
Yeah, I can agree with that.
I can sign on to that newsletter.
The artificial intelligence model shows
significant improvements in natural
language understanding that is
most likely about technology.
Yeah, me about the other ones, which
again, having chosen strings that were
supposed to get certain classifications,
I feel good about it.
Okay, this is predominantly about sports,
a little bit maybe about entertainment,
but as you can see, barely.
So again, not knowing about any
of those categories beforehand or
any of the strings and
in particular, while I'm talking.
Go ahead.
You can edit any of the code in here and
run it, try out some different strings,
add a few more strings,
add a new category, get rid of some
categories and see what happens.
The cool thing about this is you can
experiment with all the code that I have
on screen as we go through and
try out different things.
If you have some data you want
to put in there, go paste it in.
These are all totally interactive.
You can just hit the play button at any
given point and rerun that cell then and
get the data as well, right?
So like I said, it will.
Without any kind of magic.
None of this is magic.
But without any kind of work.
How about that?
Without any kind of work on our end to get
the results, it does do a pretty good job
of taking arbitrary strings it's never
seen before and
arbitrary categories it's never seen
before and try to figure out the relation.
And again, for these tiny models, right?
Did you need to pull in and
start paying the cost per token for
a giant world class foundational model
to do some of these simple things or
can you grab things that you
can fit very easily in a vm?
Some of these you probably get done
serverless if one put their mind to it,
right, and
build some features out that would
have taken you a long time otherwise.
Or even worse, write your own algorithm.
There are some pitfalls, though.
If you give it 100 categories and
all those answers add up to one,
it's gonna end the way you
think it's going to end.
Everyone's nodding cuz yeah,
that's what's going to happen.
So you gotta keep that in mind.
And then having categories
that are too similar,
there are things that you need to tweak
and consider, so on and so forth.
And also, and this becomes interesting,
if you have wider amounts of data,
what do you do which is like, do you need
to go grab a different model if you're
processing Spanish, so on and so
forth, do you need a layer beforehand?
Either one of the translation models or
something along those lines?
Do you want to run through
a translation model and
then pass it to an English classifier?
Maybe do you want to at least
detect what language it is and
then have different models
that you slot in there?
Because you could theoretically,
the model is just an argument.
You could theoretically have many
a classifier, like, you know, a key value
store for the different languages and
then grab the right classifier, right?
These are all where the engineering
part come in of like, for
the unique specifics of your problem.
What do you do, right?
Welcome to the fact that none
of this solves anything for you.
Pitfalls are just.
Yeah, again,
doing any of the things that you think
would be probably somewhat bad, right?
But yeah, routing tickets to departments,
content moderation, so on and so forth.
The one that was near and dear to my
heart that my buddy Steven worked on.
And again to the question that you asked
earlier about various emotions beyond
positive, negative.
This would probably be a better
solution than a model that,
cuz then you could figure out
which emotions you care about.
[LAUGH] Right.
Are we going to go the full.
What's the Pixar movie where
they're all different emotions?
>> Student: Inside Out.
>> Steve Kinney: Inside Out, yeah.
Right, you just pick the inside
out characters, right.
Or like, honestly, considering
that you can just run this cell,
I don't know what
Power Ranger it aligns to.
What are the creative use cases here?
Which Ninja Turtle does
this most identify with?
That's brand new content.
I haven't thought about it.
I might try that out later.
You can also try it out.
Any of these you should
play around with as well.
You can use multiple labels too.
I think I'm using.
Am I using a slightly
bigger model this time?
What did past me decide?
Nope, same model.
So in this case,
if we wanted to even have a version
of sentiment analysis that was positive,
negative, neutral.
We can do that as well.
Let's go take a look at
what this looks like.
Cool, so did we get something good?
>> Student: I changed all the categories
to happy, sad, indifferent,
angry and mean.
Just looking at how it came out.
>> Steve Kinney: What did
the new iPhone come out?
>> Student: That was the reported quality.
The iPhone says that was happy, was 0.7.
Yeah, right.
>> Steve Kinney: Apparently Facebook's
model is happy about the new iPhone.
One of the interesting tasting notes
about the multi label classification
is you can see in this case it
is that point on a 0 to 1 scale.
At that point you're sorting
by the highest number.
These do not add up to one,
as you can see very quickly.
And so it's very confident
that it's about technology,
pretty confident about business, and
half confident that it's a review.
And so those don't add up to 1, but
they are at least between 0 and 1.
And you could theoretically sort of and
pick the other one.
Let's comment that one out so
I can do find out what this
model's feelings on Python is.
It's like pretty sure I love
programming Python as positive.
It's not entirely sure.
It could be neutral, but
it's definitely probably not negative.
So you can kinda play around with these
and try out different categories and
that's the kind of the fun piece of
what other data do you have you could
figure out?
Could you take a bunch of strings from
books and figure out is this fantasy,
science fiction, fiction, nonfiction,
historical fiction, so on and so
forth, right?
Like obviously there are a ton of
interesting things that you can do.
And like I said before,
some of this becomes, well,
grab a data set that I grabbed, but
I'll show you where to grab other ones.
You can grab tons of data sets,
all sorts of different things and
play around with them as well.
Yeah, like I said, as we saw before,
you can pull in categories like happy,
sad, angry, surprised, even try
out some longer labels as well and
kind of get a sense for
how these things work.
And again, I chose the default small
model so that as we were talking,
we didn't have to wait for
one to download for 10 minutes.
But obviously if you're like building
something or even whether it's a hobby
project or a real deal project,
10 minutes is not going to kill you.
It's only going to kill you when
you're watching me stand at a podium.
So some of the larger models I think
become interesting in that sense as well.
But yeah,
definitely try out different things.
Changing the strings,
play around with stuff.
I think that's where the interesting
pieces lie in this case.